Amazon SQS / AWSO 2.6.0 (early Apr 2023) (#966)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/observability/aws/integrations/amazon-sqs.md

      },
      "queueUrl":"https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/123456789033/pull_private_submodule_jobs.fifo"
         },
         "responseElements":null,
         "requestID":"635ae9dd-83cc-5b42-890e-b273c168cb35",
         "eventID":"874213f3-d852-481d-bfd1-677c20f97427",
         "readOnly":false,
         "eventType":"AwsApiCall",
         "managementEvent":true,
         "recipientAccountId":"123456789033",
         "eventCategory":"Management",
         "sessionCredentialFromConsole":"true"         
}
```

### Sample Query

**Messages Received (Metric based)**:

> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```sql
```

Reviewer: Looks good how it is.

```

**Top 10 users (CloudTrail Log based)**:

```sql
account=* region=* namespace=aws/sqs eventname eventsource "sqs.amazonaws.com"
| json "userIdentity", "eventSource", "eventName", "awsRegion", "recipientAccountId", "requestParameters", "responseElements", "sourceIPAddress","errorCode", "errorMessage" as userIdentity, event_source, event_name, region, recipient_account_id, requestParameters, responseElements, src_ip, error_code, error_message nodrop
| json field=userIdentity "accountId", "type", "arn", "userName" as accountid, type, arn, username nodrop
| json field=requestParameters "queueUrl" as queueUrlReq nodrop
| json field=responseElements "queueUrl" as queueUrlRes nodrop
| where event_source="sqs.amazonaws.com"
| if(event_name="CreateQueue", queueUrlRes, queueUrlReq) as queueUrl
| parse regex field=queueUrl "(?<queueName>[^\/]*$)"
| where (tolowercase(queuename) matches tolowercase("*")) or isBlank(queuename)
| if (isBlank(recipient_account_id), accountid, recipient_account_id) as accountid
| if (isEmpty(error_code), "Success", "Failure") as event_status
| count as event_count by username
| top 10 username by event_count, username asc
```

## Field in Field Schema

> Login to Sumo Logic,  go to Manage Data > Logs > Fields. Search for the “queuename” field. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Fields#manage-fields).

Reviewer 2: Login to Sumo Logic, go to **Manage Data** > **Logs** > **Fields**. Search for the “queuename” field. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](/docs/manage/fields/#manage-fields).

> Login to Sumo Logic,  go to Manage Data > Logs > Fields. Search for the “queuename” field. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Fields#manage-fields).

Author: ```suggestion
Log in to Sumo Logic, go to **Manage Data** > **Logs** > **Fields**. Search for the “queuename” field. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Fields#manage-fields).
```

> Log in to Sumo Logic, go to **Manage Data** > **Logs** > **Fields**. Search for the “queuename” field. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Fields#manage-fields).

Author: ```suggestion
Log in to Sumo Logic, go to **Manage Data** > **Logs** > **Fields**. Search for the “queuename” field. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](/docs/manage/fields/#manage-fields).
```

## Field Extraction Rule(s)

> Create a Field Extraction Rule for CloudTrail Logs. Learn how to create a Field Extraction Rule [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Field-Extractions/Create-a-Field-Extraction-Rule).

Author: ```suggestion
Create a Field Extraction Rule for CloudTrail Logs. Learn how to create a Field Extraction Rule [here](/docs/manage/field-extractions/create-field-extraction-rule).
```

> Create a Field Extraction Rule for CloudTrail Logs. Learn how to create a Field Extraction Rule [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Field-Extractions/Create-a-Field-Extraction-Rule).

Author: This is a link to our legacy docs -- replace with current version
